
=== sofizpay qr woocommerce===

Contributors: SOFIZPAY Team
Donate Address: 
Tags: woocommerce, payment gateway, gateway,sofizpay, manual payment
Requires at least: 6.4
Tested up to: 6.4.2
Requires PHP: 7.2
Requires WooCommerce at least: 8.4
Tested WooCommerce up to: 8.4.0


	== Description ==

QR Payments for WooCommerce allows customers to pay using any stellar wallet or SofizPay app through QR code or manually using the stellar address of the merchant, mechants can choose the stellar asset to be paid with including DZT the Algerian currency.

	== More Details ==

For any support inquiries, please contact SOFIZPAY directly: contact@sofizpay.com 


	== Installation ==

Make sure your WooCommerce version is 8.4 or higher.
Upload the entire sofizpay-qr-woocommerce folder to the /wp-content/plugins/directory.
Activate the plugin through the list of plugins in WordPress.
Go to the WooCommerce > payment > settings and select "sofizpay" to configure it.
Click on manage which is located inside Description. Then enter your information.
you must change the checkout page style to the classic style not the block system.


	== Frequently Asked Questions ==

Q. How does the QR code app SOFIZPAY work?

Answer:

- The app scans the QR code generated by the WooCommerce store.
- The app analyzes QR code information, including the amount to be paid, store address, and memo (note).
- The APP SENDS MONEY TO THE USER'S SOFIZPAY ACCOUNT.
- The user clicks on Paid via SofiPay.
- the plugin wil autmatically verify the transaction if it is valid it will change the status of the order to predetermined value by the merchant.


Q. What are the requirements for using the SOFIZPAY QR Code app?

Answer:

- You must have an active SOFIZPAY/Stellar Account with the necessary funds in it. 
- The WooCommerce store must be QR code SOFIZPAY compliant.
- The user must have the SOFIZPAY app or a stellar wallet.


Q. What are the benefits of using the QR code app SOFIZPAY?

Answer:

- Ease of use: The payment process is quick and easy, and does not require any manual data entry.
- Security: All transactions are secured using encryption and decentralization technology.
- Reliability: Stellar wallet ensures that all transactions are processed quickly and efficiently.


Important Notes:

It's recommended to thoroughly test the functionality and ensure compatibility with your specific WooCommerce setup and SOFIZPAY or stellar services.
For any specific requirements or integrations related to SOFIZPAY, consult directly with their technical team.